Allow private connection for Github self-hosted runner (#17)
oracle-actions/configure-kubectl-oke: README.md

## Prerequisites

> The target OKE cluster must have a **public Kubernetes API Endpoint** or you must run on a [Self-Hosted GitHub Action][6] to enable Private Endpoint with Inputs in order for the GitHub Action to successfully connect to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target OKE cluster must have a **public Kubernetes API Endpoint** or you must deploy a [self-hosted GitHub Runner][6] to an instance on the same private subnet to enable Private Endpoint with Inputs in order for the GitHub Action to successfully connect to the cluster.
```

## Inputs

* `cluster`: (Required) The OCID of the OKE cluster to configure

> * `enablePrivateEndpoint`: (Optional) If you want to connect on a Private Kubernetes API Endpoint. Default: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enablePrivateEndpoint`: (Optional) set this to 'true' if you need to connect to a private Kubernetes API endpoint. Requires a self-hosted GitHub Runner deployed to an instance on the same private subnet. Default: false
```
